fix: Remove global og:title overriding per-page docs titles (#5627)
paradedb/paradedb: docs/welcome/introduction.mdx

---
title: Search without a second system

> description: Developer documentation for ParadeDB and the pg_search extension — installation, indexing, query syntax, and deployment guides.

Author: ```suggestion
description: One Postgres for your application data, full-text search, vector retrieval, and aggregations. Home of the pg_search extension.
```
